feature: Route53 resolver module (#1)
schubergphilis/terraform-aws-mcaf-route53-resolver: README.md

# terraform-aws-mcaf-route53-resolver

Terraform module to create Route53 resolver. This will be useful when creating the Route53 Resolver either inbound or outbound.

> Please note that this module does not cover the Resolver query logging.

Reviewer: This Terraform module provisions an AWS Route 53 Resolver Endpoint for inbound or outbound DNS resolution.

Reviewer: Query logging is not a core functionality so no need to mention that it's not there imo

Author: updated the readme and removed this line as suggested.

IMPORTANT: We do not pin modules to versions in our examples. We highly recommend that in your code you pin the version to the exact version you are using so that your infrastructure remains stable.

> ## Terraform AWS Route53 Resolver Module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

| <a name="vpc_id"></a> [vpc_id](#input_vpc_id) | The VPC ID for all the Route53 Resolver Endpoints | `string` | `""` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="route53_resolver_endpoint_id"></a> [route53_resolver_endpoint_id](#output_route53_resolver_endpoint_id) | The ID of the Resolver Endpoint |
| <a name="route53_resolver_endpoint_arn"></a> [route53_resolver_endpoint_arn](#output_route53_resolver_endpoint_arn) | The ARN of the Resolver Endpoint |
| <a name="route53_resolver_endpoint_host_vpc_id"></a> [route53_resolver_endpoint_host_vpc_id](#output_route53_resolver_endpoint_host_vpc_id) | The VPC ID used by the Resolver Endpoint |
| <a name="route53_resolver_endpoint_security_group_ids"></a> [route53_resolver_endpoint_security_group_ids](#output_route53_resolver_endpoint_security_group_ids) | Security Group IDs mapped to Resolver Endpoint |
| <a name="route53_resolver_endpoint_ip_addresses"></a> [route53_resolver_endpoint_ip_addresses](#output_route53_resolver_endpoint_ip_addresses) | Resolver Endpoint IP Addresses |

<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

## Licensing

> 100% Open Source and licensed under the Apache License Version 2.0. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/schubergphilis/terraform-aws-mcaf-user/blob/master/LICENSE) for full details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
100% Open Source and licensed under the Apache License Version 2.0. See [LICENSE](https://github.com/schubergphilis/terraform-aws-mcaf-route53-resolver/blob/master/LICENSE) for full details.
```

Author: updated. thanks for noticing
